docs: Add design section to readme (#243)
honeycombio/honeycomb-network-agent: README.md

[![OSS Lifecycle](https://img.shields.io/osslifecycle/honeycombio/honeycomb-network-agent)](https://github.com/honeycombio/home/blob/main/honeycomb-oss-lifecycle-and-practices.md)

The Honeycomb Network Agent is a low effort, no-code, language agnostic solution to getting telemetry of your applications running in Kubernetes.

Docker images are found in [`ghcr.io/honeycombio/network-agent:latest`](https://github.com/honeycombio/honeycomb-network-agent/pkgs/container/network-agent).

See notes on local development in [`DEVELOPING.md`](./DEVELOPING.md)

## How it Works

> The agent runs as a [`DaemonSet`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/daemons/) on each node in a Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent runs as a [`DaemonSet`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/) on each node in a Kubernetes cluster.
```
This link is broken and I couldn't find where it was supposed to land... any reason to not keep the original link we had here?

Author: Weird, not sure how I ended up with a bad link 🤷🏻
